when I say what I've said that you know
inflation was caused by the government
giving money out and by the low interest
rates you might think that I'm opposed
the government giving money out and low
interest rates I'm not the government
had to do that I'm not opposed to fur at
all I'm not opposed to the massive
deficits the government ran during covid
at all those had to be done otherwise
people would have literally died right
people would have not paid their rent
people would have become homeless people
would have not been able to eat had to
be done but at the same time if you're
giving out 600 billion pounds you have
to do an analysis of who's going to end
up with this money and if that analysis
had been done then we would have seen
well we're injecting a massive amount of
money to the rich here a massive amount
and then you know we had the period of
lockdown when that money wasn't damaging
because the rich couldn't really spend
it because they're locked at home right
we could have used that one and a half
years two years to say okay we have to
do this thing which is going to make the
rich rich so we use the time we have to
work out a way to tax them effectively
to take that money back you know if you
give 600 billion pound to the rich and
you don't want to see effect you have to
find ways to take that money back